dicttest2.exe saturday
dicttest2.exe
csc dicttest2.cs interval.cs
dicttest2.exe wednesday
dicttest2.exe saturday
copy dicttest2.cs dicttest3.cs
np dicttest3.cs
csc dicttest3.cs interval.cs
dicttest3.exe wednesday
dicttest3.exe saturday
dicttest3.exe
csc dicttest3.cs interval.cs
dicttest3.exe wednesday
dicttest3.exe saturday
dicttest3.exe
doskey /history > cmd-14-10-2019.txt
csc listtest.cs interval.cs
listtest.exe
copy listtest.cs settest1.cs
y
np settest1.cs
csc settest1.cs interval.cs
settest1.exe
copy settest1.cs settest2.cs
np settest2.cs
csc settest2.cs interval.cs
settest2.exe
np interval.cs
csc settest2.cs interval.cs
settest2.exe
csc settest2.cs interval.cs
settest2.exe
csc settest2.cs interval.cs
settest2.exe
copy settest1.cs dicttest1.cs
np dicttest1.cs
csc dicttest1.cs interval.cs
dicttest1.exe
csc dicttest1.cs interval.cs
dicttest1.exe wednesday
dicttest1.exe sunday
csc dicttest1.cs interval.cs
dicttest1.exe
copy dicttest1.cs dicttest2.cs
np dicttest2.cs
csc dicttest2.cs interval.cs
dicttest1.exe wednesday
dicttest1.exe saturday
dicttest1.exe
dicttest2.exe wednesday
